README.md, before:

# <div align="center">Best-Geese</div>
*<div align="center">Education game for the silly geeses.</div>*

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MLH-Fellowship/Best-Geese/main/assets/Dr-Goose.png" width="300">
  </p>

> ### Fowl Quizzes - Scalable self-study app
> An application for students to self quiz and assess gaps in their knowledge and the areas of the subject they need to practice.
> #### Requires Firefox version 5.0 (or above).

[![License][License-Badge]][License]
[![Backlog][Backlog-Badge]][Backlog]
[![Documentation][Academy-Badge]][Academy]

## About

### Minimum Viable Product:

Students can request a quiz based on subject tags and number of questions they would like in each subject. Each student can input their own questions they'd like to include in the quiz.

The View Progress function allows students to view their past history of attempting questions, and compare against a general attempt rate per question type.

## Walkthrough

Short walkthrough with accompanying screenshots here

## Contributors

Front-end services and UX: Gerald Marquez & David Knox

Database services: Shayan Riyaz

## How to run

API currently not exposed.

[![Slack][Slack-Badge]][Slack]
[![Videos][Videos-Badge]][Videos]
[![Twitter][Twitter-Badge]][Twitter]

[License]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MLH-Fellowship/Best-Geese/main/assets/Dr-Goose.png

[License-Badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green.svg
[Backlog-Badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/project-backlog-78bdf2.svg
[Academy-Badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/learn-academy-f3aeae.svg

[Slack-Badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/slack--E24663.svg?style=social&logo=slack
[Videos-Badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/youtube--e52d27.svg?style=social&logo=youtube
[Twitter-Badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/twitter--219eeb.svg?style=social&logo=twitter

[License]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MLH-Fellowship/Best-Geese/main/assets/Dr-Goose.png
[Backlog]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MLH-Fellowship/Best-Geese/main/assets/Dr-Goose.png
[Academy]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MLH-Fellowship/Best-Geese/main/assets/Dr-Goose.png

[Slack]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MLH-Fellowship/Best-Geese/main/assets/Dr-Goose.png
[Videos]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MLH-Fellowship/Best-Geese/main/assets/Dr-Goose.png
[Twitter]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MLH-Fellowship/Best-Geese/main/assets/Dr-Goose.png

Commit message:

Updated Frontend and backend deployment

README.md, after:

# <div align="center">Best-Geese</div>
*<div align="center">Education game for the silly geeses.</div>*

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MLH-Fellowship/Best-Geese/main/assets/Dr-Goose.png" width="300">
  </p>

> ### Fowl Quizzes - Scalable self-study app
> An application for students to self quiz and assess gaps in their knowledge and the areas of the subject they need to practice.
> #### Requires Firefox version 5.0 (or above).

[![License][License-Badge]][License]
[![Backlog][Backlog-Badge]][Backlog]
[![Documentation][Academy-Badge]][Academy]

## About

### Minimum Viable Product:

Students can request a quiz based on subject tags and number of questions they would like in each subject. Each student can input their own questions they'd like to include in the quiz.

The View Progress function allows students to view their past history of attempting questions, and compare against a general attempt rate per question type.

## Walkthrough

Short walkthrough with accompanying screenshots here

## Contributors

Front-end services and UX: Gerald Marquez & David Knox

Database and backend services: Shayan Riyaz

## How to run

### Frontend
1. Install node.js
2. `cd frontend`
3. `npm install @angular/cli`
4. `ng serve`
5. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`

### Backend

1.`cd backend`
2.`sh init.sh`
3. Navigate to `http://127.0.0.1:5000/` to view the backend

[![Slack][Slack-Badge]][Slack]
[![Videos][Videos-Badge]][Videos]
[![Twitter][Twitter-Badge]][Twitter]

[License]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MLH-Fellowship/Best-Geese/main/assets/Dr-Goose.png

[License-Badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green.svg
[Backlog-Badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/project-backlog-78bdf2.svg
[Academy-Badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/learn-academy-f3aeae.svg

[Slack-Badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/slack--E24663.svg?style=social&logo=slack
[Videos-Badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/youtube--e52d27.svg?style=social&logo=youtube
[Twitter-Badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/twitter--219eeb.svg?style=social&logo=twitter

[License]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MLH-Fellowship/Best-Geese/main/assets/Dr-Goose.png
[Backlog]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MLH-Fellowship/Best-Geese/main/assets/Dr-Goose.png
[Academy]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MLH-Fellowship/Best-Geese/main/assets/Dr-Goose.png

[Slack]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MLH-Fellowship/Best-Geese/main/assets/Dr-Goose.png
[Videos]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MLH-Fellowship/Best-Geese/main/assets/Dr-Goose.png
[Twitter]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MLH-Fellowship/Best-Geese/main/assets/Dr-Goose.png
